[Music]
welcome to another episode of seven men
in my pitting with Pam my name is Pam
dinner I love sharing a little dose a
b2b digital content marketing and sales
enablement seven minutes at a time
this week a listener Jim asked me about
brandy here is his question hey Pam
companies with very strong brands want
to maintain their brands across markets
how do you keep the core essence of your
brand but also adapted for new markets
well there are several ways to scale the
core essence of your brand across
regions and I want to address that in
four different elements logo design
Tonga Manor and corporate culture in
seven minutes logo many people associate
the essence of branding with logo usage
this is indeed only one part of the
story at the minimal level keep the logo
the same across region unless your logo
can be perceived as offensive in some
cultures the most famous example is
Starbucks murmee logo in a western
countries we look at the mermaid Osama
co-ed siren and we don't think much of
it but in the Middle East a female
appears on the logo full frontal and
nudity is not allowed the logo a Saudi
Arabia shows the crown of the siren on
the sea but you can't see the mummy the
key point is that logo still adheres to
the same look and feel with the same
color scheme so we can still tell is a
Starbucks logo but without the mermaid
the second element to stay to the core
essence of a brand is the design of your
online and offline presence
this can be your online store experience
physical office layout or even the
uniforms that employees need to wear
again it needs to stick to oval brain
guide of color fonts persona and etc the
third element is tong a manner this is
show how you select words
and the images for some companies the
tongue and manner of communications is
casual and fun for some it's more formal
and a businesslike some of you are
familiar with will be Parker the
e-commerce site selling glasses if you
look at will be Parker's and the
LensCrafters
website you'll notice that there were
selections and the image choices reflect
who they are or even their business
models unless crafter one of the rolling
marquee images on their website focuses
on book your eye exam now with an image
of otama tryst obviously lens crafter
wants to drive conversions through the
eye exam appointments that makes perfect
sense to me so once you are done with UI
exam you can shop around in the store to
get your glasses with prescription but
for will be Parker rather than focusing
on booking your eye exam now they help
people select glasses first but people
don't know how to select glasses since
there are many choices so they have
create a quick and easy quiz that you
can take starting by your gender the
size of frame preference the shapes
colors and the materials then it comes
up with a list of recommendations for
you to choose so if you on the Whoopi
Parker's website you will notice the
tolerant manner is cheeky for lens
crafter is more like a traditional
rigging motor retailer the last element
is corporate culture topic culture is
usually engendered by corporate values
set by founders or senior management it
reflects on how employees behave and
communicate with each other
if branding is done right brain personas
echo corporate values and the culture
all together
for example innovation is highly valued
at Intel it's part of corporate culture
but it's also documented clearly as one
of their brain personas when I was in
Intel and one more point I want to share
some people may argue that product
localization may have
how you convey your brand at the local
level true your products may be
localized from country to country and
the content and communication outreach
may needs to be customized as well but
the core essence of your brand should
stay the same for example McDonald's
customize their menus for different
countries in India for example they have
make veggie but the core essence of
their brain stays the same it's really
about a wholesome place where you can
spend time with your family and friends
if you think about it ultimately the
core essence of your brand is carried
out by people and the product so know
your products well hire good people and
educate your employees about your brain
essence and the corporate values at
local level training and communication
are key to scale the queer sense of your
brain across region what is a good logo
is also a good brand and glue brand
starts with employees and products so
Jim I hope I answer your question again
semi all marketing questions or thoughts
we are twitter at Pam dinner be well
until next time
[Music]